Contribution Guide Update (#925)
Autodesk/synthesis: CONTRIBUTING.md

For smaller changes, just submit a pull request and be sure to include a clear and detailed description of the changes you've made so that we can verify them and eventually merge.

### Submit a CAD Model
Submit your team's CAD model to be added to the Synthesis robot and field libraries by emailing your designs to frc@autodesk.com.

### Write Tutorials, Increase Documentation
We are always interested in ways to make our tutorials and documentation more clear to our end users. If there is content missing or could be refined, please follow our [contribution guidelines](#How-to-Contribute) for submitting a change.

### Translate our Tutorials and Documentation
If you or someone you know can speak and write in another language, we would like to translate our text-based resources to make them available in more languages. Contact frc@autodesk.com for more details.

### Create How-To or Project DIY and Inspiration Guides

> Did you add a feature to Synthesis, or learn how to use a specific feature? Write a how-to guide or share your project with us at frc@autodesk.com and [@synthesis.adsk](https://www.instagram.com/synthesis.adsk/). 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Did you add a feature to Synthesis, or learn how to use a specific feature? Write a how-to guide or share your project with us on [Discord](https://discord.gg/FuuQ9UGycM) or at frc@autodesk.com and [@synthesis.adsk](https://www.instagram.com/synthesis.adsk/). 
```

### Share a Use Case Story

> Hearing how you use Synthesis is valuable feedback to our team. Share your stories by tagging us [@synthesis.adsk](https://www.instagram.com/synthesis.adsk/) or [@synthesis_adsk](https://twitter.com/synthesis_adsk) or send them to frc@autodesk.com with reference to this guide.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Hearing how you use Synthesis is valuable feedback to our team. Share your stories by tagging us [@synthesis.adsk](https://www.instagram.com/synthesis.adsk/) on Instagram, posting on [ChiefDelphi](https://www.chiefdelphi.com/), or talking about it on [Discord](https://discord.gg/FuuQ9UGycM).
```
